Enter the Riverways, taking the left exit.
Locate the Waypoint. It is typically found in the upper left part of the area, along the path.
Find the exit into the Wetlands. It is always found near the Waypoint.
Locate Oak, and kill him.
Find the Waypoint, which is often found along the wall in the upper left part of the area.
Take the Waypoint to the Riverways.
Follow left along the edge of the zone from the Wetlands entrance to find the exit into the Western Forest.
Run down the path in the middle of the area until you encounter the Waypoint.
Follow either the left or right wall downwards.
If you find spider-webbed trees, find the exit into the Weaver’s Chambers. Make your way to the end, enter the Weaver’s Nest, and kill The Weaver and take Maligaro’s Spike. Logout or portal back to town and talk to Silk to receive the gem reward. Take the Waypoint back to the Western Forest. Head in the opposite direction of where you found the Weaver’s Chambers to find Alira.
If you find Alira and are planning on killing her, do that now. Logout or portal back to town, then take the Waypoint back to the Western Forest. Head in the opposite direction of where you found Alira to locate the Weaver’s Chambers.
Follow the wall to the “bottom” part of the Western Forest, until you find the Blackguards.
Kill the Blackguards and pick up the Thaumetic Seal. Open the exit to Act I.
Logout or portal to town, then take the Waypoint to Act I. Talk to Bestel to receive the Book of Skill as a reward.
Take the Waypoint to the Forest Encampment.
Take the right exit this time, into the Old Fields.
Follow the road until you find the exit into the Crossroads.
Follow the path until you find the Waypoint.
(Optional): Take the path leading downwards to find the exit to the Felshrine Ruins. Head downwards through the area until you find The Crypt (Level One). Find and complete the Labyrinth Trial within the area, then logout or portal back to town. Take the Waypoint back to the Crossroads.
Take the right path to find the exit to the Broken Bridge.
Follow the right wall until you encounter Kraityn.
Kill or help Kraityn, depending on what your build recommends. If you are helping Alira, return to town and take the Waypoint to the Western Forest to do that now.
Logout or portal to town. Speak with Eramir and take The Apex if you killed all of the bandits.
Take the Waypoint to the Crossroads.
Follow the upwards path until you find the entrance to the Chamber of Sins (Level One).
Acquire the Waypoint if you come across it, and exit into the Chamber of Sins (Level Two).
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth Trial in this area, and complete it.
Locate Fidelitas and kill him. He is typically found in the upper left part of the area.
Take the Baleful Gem and speak with Helena. Logout or portal back to town.
Speak with Greust to acquire the gem reward
Take the Waypoint to the Wetlands and poison the tree roots next to the Waypoint.
Enter the Vaal Ruins and break the seal when you encounter it.
Exit into the Northern Forest.
Head upwards through the Northern Forest until you find the exit into the Caverns. Do not enter the Dread Thicket.
Grab the Waypoint when you encounter it.
Locate the entrance to the Ancient Pyramid.
Ascend the levels of the pyramid until you find the Pyramid Apex.
Slay the Vaal Oversoul and exit into the City of Sarn.
Find the Blackguards and kill them to rescue Clarissa. Make sure that you speak with Clarissa before running off.
Enter the Sarn Encampment. This is always found in the upper left part of the area.