Exit into the Slums.
Find the Crematorium and grab the Waypoint. Take note of the location of the Sewer Grating, if you encountered it along the way.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth Trial in the Crematorium and complete it.
Find Piety and defeat her. Interact with Tolman and take Tolman’s Bracelet.
Logout or portal back to town. Speak with Clarissa to receive the Sewer Keys.
Enter the Slums and find the Sewer Grating. Open it, and enter the Sewers.
Locate the three Platinum Busts. There is always one before the Waypoint, and two after it.
Find the exit into the Marketplace.
Grab the Waypoint.
(Optional): Just to the upper right of the Waypoint is the entrance to the Catacombs. Enter and complete the Labyrinth Trial, then logout or portal out and return to the Marketplace via the waypoint.
Locate the exit to the Battlefront.
Find the Waypoint, which is generally in the center of the zone.
Head downwards from the Waypoint until you find the Blackguard Chest, which looks like a cart.
Take the Ribbon Spool from the cart.
Head upwards from the Waypoint until you locate the entrance to the Solaris Temple (Level One).
Proceed through the temple until you find the entrance to the Solaris Temple (Level Two).
Continue through the temple until you find the Waypoint.
Take the Waypoint to the Battlefront. Head left until you find the entrance to the Docks.
Locate the Supply Container and take the Thaumetic Sulphite.
Logout or portal to town, then talk to Hargan to receive the Book of Skill.
Take the Waypoint to the Solaris Temple (Level Two).
Talk to Lady Dialla to receive the Infernal Talc.
Take the Waypoint to the Sewers.
Go down/left from the Waypoint and burn away the Undying Blockage. This is always extremely close to the waypoint.
Enter the Ebony Barracks and acquire the Waypoint.
Head upwards through the Ebony Barracks until you find General Gravicius.
Kill General Gravicius, and continue heading upwards.
Enter the Lunaris Temple (Level One).
Grab the Waypoint and enter the Lunaris Temple (Level Two).
Look for ascending staircases to quickly find the correct path. Continue following the staircases until you reach the carts. The side with two carts is always a dead end, while the single-cart side is the correct path.
Kill Piety and take the Tower Key.
Return to town and talk to Grigor to receive the Book of Skill. Speak with Maramoa to receive the gem reward.
Take the Waypoint to the Ebony Barracks.
Head to the right of the Waypoint until you find the entrance to the Imperial Gardens.
Follow the tiled path until you find the Waypoint.
(Optional): If you need specific gems from the Library quest, take the upper left path at the three way fork, up the stairs. Enter the Library and grab the Waypoint halfway through the area. Continue until you find the Loose Candle. Click on it and enter The Archives. Collect the Four Golden Pages before returning to town via portal or logout. Take the Waypoint back to the Library and speak to Siosa for your reward. Take the Waypoint back to the Imperial Gardens
(Optional): Complete the final Labyrinth Trial for the Normal Lab. From three way fork just above the Waypoint, head upwards and slowly snake your way to the left. The Labyrinth Trial is almost always found in the uppermost left corner of the area.
From the three way fork above the way point, head to the lower right and up the stairs. Start heading to the upper right, following the tiled path until you find the entrance to the Sceptre of God.
Enter the Sceptre of God and ascend the levels until you find the Upper Sceptre of God.
Enter the Upper Sceptre of God and ascend the levels.
Kill Dominus.
Enter the Aqueduct and make your way through the area.
Enter Highgate.