(Optional): This quest is usually worth doing on new league characters as it unlocks Lilly Roth as a gem vendor, and she carries virtually every gem in the game. Enter the Twilight Strand, accessed from the bottom side of Lioneye’s Watch. Clear the area of all monsters and return to Lioneye’s Watch, then speak with Lilly Roth.
Enter The Coast and proceed through the zone. Grab the Waypoint at the end.
Enter the Mud Flats. Find and kill The Dishonored Queen and take the Eye of Conquest.
Find the exit to the Karui Fortress. Generally, this is in the upper middle part of the area.
Enter Tukohama’s Keep.
Defeat Tukohama. Talk to Sin and select Soul of Tukohama as your Pantheon Minor God.
Find and enter The Ridge.
Grab the Waypoint and return to Lioneye’s Watch. Talk to Tarkleigh to receive the Book of Skill.
Return to The Ridge via the Waypoint.
Find and enter the Lower Prison and grab the Waypoint, just inside the entrance.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Find and enter Shavronne’s Tower.
Ascend the tower until you reach the Prison Rooftop.
Kill Brutus and Shavronne.
Go through the Warden’s Chambers and enter the Prisoner’s Gate. Grab the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find the Valley of the Fire Drinker and defeat Abberath. Portal to Lioneye’s Watch and talk to Bestel for the Book of Skill reward. Take the Waypoint back to the Prisoner’s Gate. Head in the other direction of where you found the Valley of the Fire Drinker (e.g. if Abberath is bottom right, head to top right and vice versa).
Enter the Western Forest. Follow the main road to find the Waypoint.
Find and enter The Riverways. Follow the main road to find the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find and enter The Wetlands, usually located in the upper part of the area. Find the Spawning Ground and kill the Puppet Mistress. Portal or logout to return to Lioneye’s Watch and speak to Tarkleigh for the Book of Skill reward. Return to The Riverways via Waypoint.
Find and enter the Southern Forest. The entrance is usually located in middle/lower right of the area.
Grab the Waypoint before exiting into the Cavern of Anger.
Open the Flag Chest and take the Black Flag.
Enter the passage and make your way through the cavern until you reach The Beacon. Enter and immediately acquire the Waypoint.
Locate the pyramid-esque structure and ascend it. Escort the two pillars to their berths by standing within the glowing circle.
Click on the Ignition Switch and then again on the Beacon.
Talk to Weylam Roth and sail to the Brine King’s Reef. Grab the Waypoint.
Locate and enter the Brine King’s Throne. This is usually easiest done by following the left wall.
Kill the Brine King. Speak to Sin and grab your Pantheon.
Talk to Weylam Roth and sail to Act VII.