Enter The Descent and head to the right.
Descend via the Supply Hoists until you locate the exit to the Vastiri Desert.
Locate and acquire the Waypoint.
(Optional): Locate the Storm Weathered Chest. Defeat the waves of mummies that ambush you, then take the Storm Blade. Return to town via  Portal Scroll and speak with Petarus and Vanja. Talk to Sin, then speak again with Petarus and Vanja. Use your portal to return to the Vastiri Desert. Find the entrance to The Oasis, which will now be accessible using the Bottled Storm. Traverse the area and enter the Sand Pit. Kill Shakari and return to Highgate. Speak to Irasha for the Book of Skill reward. Return to the Vastiri Desert via Waypoint.
Enter The Foothills.
Find the Waypoint, usually located in the upper right part of the area.
Enter the Boiling Lake.
Kill the Basilisk and take the Basilisk Acid. You know you are in the area where the Basilisk is located once you begin to see groups of petrified enemies.
Return to Highgate and take the Waypoint back to The Foothills.
Enter The Tunnel, usually found in the upper or upper left part of the area.
Acquire the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Enter The Quarry. Run straight to the middle of the zone and acquire the Waypoint.
These steps can be completed in either order based on what you encounter first. Follow the right wall if you do not wish to do the optional quest for the Passive Skill point.
Enter The Refinery and explore the area until you find General Adus, then kill him. He is found in his own little arena, generally in the upper or upper left part of the area. Usually he is found faster if you take the left path from the start of the area. Interact with the Theurgic Precipitate Machine and take the Trarthan Powder. Portal or logout, then return to The Quarry via Waypoint.
(Optional): Enter the Shrine of the Winds and slay Garukhan. Return to town via Portal or logout, then speak with Irasha to receive the Book of Skill reward. Return to The Quarry via Waypoint.
Talk to Sin and enter the Belly of the Beast.
Enter the Rotting Core and make your way through the area.
Enter the Black Core and talk to Sin.
Enter each of the portals in your order of choosing and defeat Malachai’s guardians (Shavronne, Maligaro, and Doedre).
Enter the Black Heart and kill the Depraved Trinity.
Talk to Lilly Roth and sail to Oriath.